App access JWT improvements (#12567)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/application-access/guides/jwt.mdx

eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJhdWQiOlsiaHR0cDovLzEyNy4wLjAuMTozNDY3OSJdLCJleHAiOjE2MDM5NDM4MDAsImlzcyI6ImF3cyIsIm5iZiI6MTYwMzgzNTc5NSwicm9sZXMiOlsiYWRtaW4iXSwic3ViIjoiYmVuYXJlbnQiLCJ1c2VybmFtZSI6ImJlbmFyZW50In0.PZGUyFfhEWl22EDniWRLmKAjb3fL0D4cTmkxEfb-Q30hVMzVhka5WB8AUsPsLPVhTzsQ6Nkk1DnXHdz6oxrqDDfumuRrDnpJpjiXj_l0D3bExrchN61enzBHxSD13VkRIqP1V6l4i8yt8kXDIBWc-QejLTodA_GtczkDfnnpuAfaxIbD7jEwF27KI4kZu7uES9LMu2iCLdV9ZqarA-6HeDhXPA37OJ3P6eVQzYpgaOBYro5brEiVpuJLr1yA0gncmR4FqmhCpCj-KmHi2vmjmJAuuHId6HZoEZJjC9IAsNlrSA4GHH9j82o7FF1F4J2s38bRy3wZv46MT8X8-QBSpg
```

## Inject JWT

> You can inject JWT in any header using [headers passthrough](./connecting-apps.mdx#headers-passthrough)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can inject a JWT into any header using [headers passthrough](./connecting-apps.mdx#headers-passthrough)
```

> configuration and `{{internal.jwt}}` template variable. For example:

Reviewer 2: Can we extent the `{{internal.jwt}}` description and add the internal JWT teleport App token  signed by teleport JWT CA ?

> configuration and `{{internal.jwt}}` template variable. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration and the `{{internal.jwt}}` template variable. For example:
```
